preparation for pyodide (#231)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/pyodide.rst

**Changed:**

> * Changed pdf handling from pdf2image to PyMuPDF which allows to run in pyodide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed PDF handling from pdf2image to PyMuPDF, allowing to run in pyodide.
```
